what's up guys it's Lou from unbox
therapy and today we're taking a look at
the Gears of War 3 Xbox 360 controller
this is a wireless controller and it's
also limited although I wonder what
these limited editions just how limited
they are because you see these things
everywhere anyways it's got that new
rotatable d-pad which is normally used
for arcade style fighting games you know
getting those crazy combos out so it's
kind of funny to have it on a you know
Gears of War 3 controller but you're
gonna use this controller for other
games so it's actually not that weird
once you think about it so in the Box
all we've got is the controller itself
along with a little bit of paperwork and
a couple of Dura cells you got to love
when they give you some nice name-brand
batteries they've got a little diagram
here explaining how to twist that
rotatable d-pad no big deal I'm pretty
sure you can figure that out and a
little bit of DLC love some downloadable
content we got five extra weapon skins
once you actually get the game so
hopefully you're going to get the game
if you get this controller as well as a
two day pass to xbox live I believe it
is the gold pass yeah and that's pretty
cool
so let's go ahead and unravel these
there are cells and get a closer look at
the controller so as you guys see I mean
the main aspect of what makes this
special is the design I mean it's got
this paint job is crazy-looking paint
job here and a nice big skull on the
right hand side and of course as I
mentioned before this rotatable d-pad
which I actually don't have a 360
controller with this d-pad on it so
that's gonna be interesting to see how
works out for me I mean I don't play too
many fighters so it's not a huge perk
for me I really just got this because of
the fact that it's different limited and
hey there's nothing like a fresh control
you know controller to get I'll bust it
up there's a better look at that skull
you know you went when you ragequit on
those games so having a fresh one is
nice and why not get one that's a little
bit more unique than the standard
coloring you know what I'm saying so
otherwise pretty straightforward stuff
you get your little chat input on the
body
it's pretty much a regular controller
let's go ahead and insert these dira
cells pretty much if you've ever done
this before
this doesn't mean much to you but if you
haven't this is how it goes go ahead and
insert them in the back there and you're
ready to play ready to hook it up but
let's get a closer look you know how it
is here on unbox therapy we like to get
you as close as we possibly can to these
products so you can figure out if you
want to buy it
before you buy it I mean I don't believe
you can get this close in the store you
know you need a macro lens to get this
close anyway guys I hope you enjoyed a
nice look at this controller here and
hey if your Gears of War 3 fan and
you're probably gonna want to check this
controller out anyway guys until next
time thanks for watching oh and if you
don't mind hopefully you can hit that
like and favorite button as you guys
know that helps me out a ton until next
time see you around
[Music]